New Resource: `azurerm_servicebus_namespace_customer_managed_key` (#28888)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/servicebus_namespace_customer_managed_key.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_servicebus_namespace"
description: |-
  Manages a Service Bus Namespace Customer Managed Key.
---

# azurerm_servicebus_namespace_customer_managed_key

Manages a Service Bus Namespace Customer Managed Key.

!> **Note:** It is not possible to remove the Customer Managed Key from the Service Bus Namespace once it's been added. To remove the Customer Managed Key, the parent Service Bus Namespace must be deleted and recreated.

> -> **Note:** This resource should only be used to create a Customer Managed Key for Service Bus Namespaces with SystemAssigned identities. The `customer_managed_key` block in `azurerm_servicebus_namespace` should be used to create a Customer Managed Key for a Service Bus Namespaces with a UserAssigned identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** This resource should only be used to create a Customer Managed Key for Service Bus Namespaces with System Assigned identities. The `customer_managed_key` block in `azurerm_servicebus_namespace` should be used to create a Customer Managed Key for a Service Bus Namespace with a User Assigned identity.
```

---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_servicebus_namespace"
description: |-

>   Manages a ServiceBus Namespace Customer Managed Key.

Reviewer: I realise ServiceBus is written together as one word in a lot of our documentation, but I think this should actually be split into two words. Could you split it in this doc and we can update the others at a later point?

---

# azurerm_servicebus_namespace_customer_managed_key

Manages a ServiceBus Namespace Customer Managed Key.

!> **Note:** It is not possible to remove the Customer Managed Key from the ServiceBus Namespace once it's been added. To remove the Customer Managed Key, the parent ServiceBus Namespace must be deleted and recreated.

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be good to warn users not to try and manage the CMK with both this resource and the block on the resource. We have this for other resources where something that can be configured in-line is also available as a virtual resource

```suggestion

~> **Note:** It's possible to define a Customer Managed Key both within [the `azurerm_servicebus_namespace` resource](servicebus_namespace.html) via the `customer_managed_key` block and by using this resource. It is not possible to use both methods to manage a Customer Managed Key for a Service Bus Namespace since it will result in a conflict.
```

A note on the service bus namespace resource under the `customer_managed_key` block informing users that they need to add this to `ignore_changes` if they're using this resource to manage CMK might also be a good addition too.

Author: I did some more testing on this and it seems it is not possible to update a UserAssigned customer_managed_key when using this resource. This is because the identity in the service bus needs to be updated at the same time as the identity in the cmk, which can't happen when they are managed by two different resources. So I think it may be best to just not support UA cmks at all here, since users are already able to use them in the servicebus resource itself. WDYT?

Author: I don't think that would be possible because you would need to change the identity to SystemAssigned in the Service Bus first which wouldn't work while it still has a UAI CMK
